the truth will come out soon I'm glad
you said that because the reason you're
all so rattled is because the truth has
come out people are too busy [ __ ]
around in Chiangmai
blowing smoke up each other's asses on
YouTube it doesn't make any sense and
don't have a plan
Harley doesn't have a plan what's the
plan like where does waterfall go okay
so this is the thing that first drew me
into this video I was I just randomly
clicked on it it was suggested in my
feed but when gets to the pop he says
strategically we need to take this clown
down sort of fell to pieces at that
point so let's just delve a little bit
deeper into the idea of there being a
strategy in Chiangmai
I'm assuming it's referencing water for
the raw till 4 movement keep saying the
vegan movement but since raw till 4
doesn't represent the vegan movement
because the vegan movement is much much
bigger than just some people in Thailand
cycling up a hill saying if you've ever
had an eating disorder I will count you
out when it comes to being able to have
an opinion having any criticism of me
and that's not helping anybody so you go
from helping to persecuting and
diminishing the very people you set out
to help build this channel on bashing
other vegans and you just trying to tell
other vegans that they're not good vegan
activist where this guy's activism is
bashing other vegans if someone is
criticizing you and that criticism is
very close to the bone by that I mean
it's quite accurate and you acknowledge
that somewhere in the back of your mind
you're automatically gonna get defensive
when you can look at what the movement
is about and who's representing it and
whether anyone is representing it
concentrate on ironing out the creases
tightening your case so then you can
always defend the message then that's
how you improve your activism
it's just a [ __ ] troll coming as the
community and just trying to sabotage
the vegan movement why would you bother
trolling with with intellectual debate
just that make any sense no I know
during Ryder wants to take this [ __ ]
down and everyone's hanging out harley i
wonder why that is people are too busy
[ __ ] around in chat and my blowing
smoke up each other's asses on youtube
it doesn't make any sense and don't have
a plan
harley doesn't have a plan what's the
plan like where does waterfall go
he's just lining his pockets he's making
a living like we all need to it's not
for the vegan movement it's because
that's his job now it comes to chiang
mai june 1st 1 june 1st the start of the
rattle for Bike Fest auto 4 doesn't own
chiang mai it's a free festival there's
no gates to get in you just follow some
people up a mountain and do some
question and answers that probably go
the same i mean they must have answered
the same questions a thousand times it
can't be very stimulating because
they're not looking outside the movement
to see what other questions they should
be answering and that's exactly what a
ballast yellows providing and while he's
been here he's been telling it it's been
telling the vegan movement how riding
your bike eating out is not good vegan
activism it's great for you and i
applaud you for doing that for you but
that's for you that isn't activism that
doesn't affect anyone else I mean I get
that you've got this lovely little
bubble and who wouldn't want to have
that in paradise with a bunch of people
who just want to kiss up to the same
person so you've all got this mutual
appreciation of the same people
it's exciting that's how they get you
that's exactly how they get you it
happened to me when I was like 16 17 I
was looking for a replacement for my
family so I joined a church and got
sucked inks it was all like oh there's
music and people are speaking in tongues
and I knew it was all rubbish but like
you get you get swept along in the
moment that's exactly the same thing
right the truth will come out soon I'm
glad you said that because the reason
you're all so rattled is because the
truth has come out like the truth is
coming out right now
and
not surprised that you feel rattled
because it's like I said it's your
little bubble it's your baby it's the
thing that you love the most in your
life right now and that's what you
that's I don't know what your plan is
for after the festival but for now
you're having a lovely holiday all right
this guy's in it is not in it for
veganism it's a parent not I'm sorry I
know I keep stopping it after literally
every word but that's because literally
every word makes me feel really irks um
how do we judge how connected people are
with the vegan message how do we rate
people on the scale of in it for
veganism not in it for veganism I don't
understand how if you were to judge
someone who's saying look how do we
organize ourselves in a fashion that is
the most effective way of getting the
world to go vegan and then you've got
somebody who's in Thailand with a
bicycle riding up a hill
you want time I'm saying right Shirley
Shirley please please please understand
website pedophilia Act the thing who
knows about that
well dear in writer obviously did right
because that's what he said it because
he had grounds to accuse on the house of
Peter fee via right but you know if he
wants to take legal out you know legal
action against Harley it's like why
didn't Joe best take legal action on you
and you call them a predator in one of
his videos
there are vegans actively depicting and
promoting bikinis and beaches and
bicycles and buffets and plates full of
fruit and showing off a lifestyle of
self-indulgence luxury athleticism
healthy eating but it's what I like to
call it permanent vacation right now for
contrast to that and and look sexuality
is also a huge component of all this
whether it's male virility or female
sexuality it's I don't have to spell it
out for you guys look at any of these
channels it's part of what's being
bought and part of what's being sold the
dream of a second youth for older people
and obviously for young people it's a
component of the transaction now the
contrast that you can take a look at
London vegan actions they also have a
YouTube channel
London vegan actions they're young women
of about the same age I don't know
anyone's age exactly in this comparison
London vegan actions they're filming
themselves you know standing in front of
a restaurants chanting about foie gras
trying to get flogged rah taking off the
menu they're doing Street activism one
of their forms of activism was sitting
in the subway the London subway system
and showing films showing video of
slaughterhouse conditions
trying to get strangers interested in
veganism so look you know in a real
sense there is no difference
between lifestyle veganism and vegan
activism like in real life
the same people who are doing these
actions who are attending these protests
they probably they may go on vacation
once in a while to I don't know maybe
they never go on vacation they're not
depicting themselves as being on
permanent vacation they're not showing
off what they eat for breakfast that
morning and they're obviously they're
not motivated by the fantasy that 10,000
people will watch a video carefully
edited together of what I ate for
breakfast this morning
but they still got eat breakfast and you
know it may be that some of the people
who present the grania strongest edgiest
most political and activist version
themselves so that's what they choose to
broadcast that's what they choose to
present to the world engage the Internet
those same people for all I know they go
on vacation in Thailand once in a while
or they have a they have a breakfast
buffet that's even more luxurious than
anything you see on the so-called
lifestyle vegan channels so it's a
distinction that's more apparent but
real but it comes back to our subject
here in a kind of dynamic way the homie
Joe best who has gotten himself into a
lot of trouble in the vegan community
the community that is not a community
he's put up a series of monologues
basically complaining about how excluded
he feels and that he's now gonna stop
were you even referring to himself as
vegan and talking about the political
implications of this and he's saying
honestly enough how hard it has been for
him to be a guy transitioning from
eating meat to veganism and to be
accepting community of his own in
profession so on now look the problem
has been and this is invisible to Joe
best himself because he's knee-deep in
the game and there's a sexual component
to this Joe best man you aren't on that
subway in London showing that film of
slaughterhouse conditions you're not at
the slaughterhouse filming either okay
you're not doing legit activism or
political agitation or even public
education
of any kind okay if you were the fact
that you are a fat bald middle-aged man
would not be such an obstacle to you it
really wouldn't I'm probably older than
Joe best so look I mean this is the this
is the brutally honest truth Joe best is
complaining that he's not welcome in
veganism but the reality is he is just
not welcome in the phoniest shallowest
side of lifestyle veganism and of course
he's not that's the side of veganism
were being beautiful matters were being
young matters being athletic matters and
of course being 100% vegan matters and
his experience would be totally
different and be complaining about
something completely different if he
were involved in I don't know what to
say political vegan veganism real vegan
activism public education any kind of
charity work I mean if this guy were
producing illustrated books to educate
children about vivisection oh he would
have a level of respect from the
community the community doesn't this
completely different from the way he's
regarded because we all know the game
he's playing there in Thailand and I
ain't even hating on the game I'm not
I'm not trying to shame you Joe best I
really do think that activism can mean
very different things to very different
people in different contexts and
political activism is going to be
connected to how you live your life and
your personal identity as you present it
to others let's say this is building on
an example I mentioned it half a
sentence earlier let's say you own a
small hotel in Thailand and you're
struggling to be a vegan and you're
struggling to get recognition and
respect from the members of the vegan
community around you okay you're a
westerner you're not ethnically Thai you
don't really speak the Thai language
you're an english-speaking westerner
living in Thailand what can you do
actually I've had a couple videos really
talking specifically about the political
conditions in Thailand and the potential
to
something happen through digital
veganism but here's what I'm saying
right now you have the stability you
have the money you have this small hotel
you're running let's say you talk to an
illustrator you truck you talk to a
publisher or a print shop and you decide
to make a children's book all right
here's my concept for a children's book
it's called why a Little Joe can't eat
ice cream it's a book for children and
for vegan parents to read with their
children and it deals the difficult fact
that if you're if you're raising your
kids vegan if you have a kid growing up
vegan all the other kids eat ice cream
why can't I eat ice cream ice cream
looks harmless whatever it's this white
solid or sorry if it's chocolate it's
brown but it's this you know amorphous
mass if you look at a dead crab on a
plate you can see it's a dead animal you
know has all its moving parts it has
eyes it has legs and so on ice cream in
a bowl with colored sprinkles on it it
doesn't look like a dead animal at all
you can't see the harm it's doing it's
hard for adults to make that connection
it's really hard for children also can
you write a children's book that just
talks about a kid maybe a kid trying to
explain to another kid hey you know this
is why I can't eat ice cream and maybe
you can have beautiful illustrations in
there you're not going to have gore
you're not going to have pictures of
slaughterhouses think maybe you can sit
out the case in a way that a child could
appreciate or that a parent can sit and
read to a child says yeah you know what
it's actually meaningful to not eat ice
cream to not eat cow milk you know even
though when you go to school it seems
like everyone else is doing it it's an
artistic challenge it's a challenge as
an author of is it's all going to be
written in simple sentences if you were
doing this and you owned a small hotel
in Thailand get it translated print it
with English and Thai you know in some
ways it's fleeting but in some ways it
lasts forever standing on a sidewalk
holding a sign and shouting
I can say both good and bad about it you
know I've said an earlier video a lot of
the effects really are more like a rally
it's more like a benefit for the
participants themselves than it is
changing anything for the public I'm not
going to digress into talking about
street protests here there's a lot to
say about it and I have already said a
lot it adds up to a lot of minutes but
yeah you know something creative
something durable something that shares
you know a useful message with an
audience that wants to hear it but boy
you know that could be something really
meaningful and positive that changes
your life the changes the way the people
around you regard you as a vegan as a
potential activist and it could form the
basis for more organization more
meaningful connections of cooperations
people around you that is how you build
a movement you have to get in from the
inside you can't always be combative
towards people because that doesn't get
them onside so how about we come up with
how about we use our collective skills
you know veganism is the only thing that
we are at in common we all have
different lives in different countries
doing different things and having people
from all walks of life that diversity is
so valuable yet we're just you know
you're you're forming this little bubble
of people that are all like you how does
that help anything need to get together
and think how do we form an exit
strategy from a world that is built
around accepting the use of animal
products we've got people protesting in
my hometown about the fact that milk is
cheaper than water to buy in a
supermarket you can't just kick all
those people out on their ear and say
are we doing veganism now see you later
veganism involves humans we have to be
wise and we have to be clever and what a
Bala CL brings to this is that he is
very clever and he will criticize
everybody not just people he doesn't
like he criticizes people that he does
like people that he's talked about in
his videos he will call them out on
things that they're doing wrong and by
doing that they solidify their message
they hone it they improve it they
respond to that
back and that's such a valuable thing